terra-theme-context (#1087)
cerner/terra-framework: packages/terra-theme-context/src/terra-dev-site/doc/ThemeContext/ThemeContext.1.doc.mdx

import { Badge } from 'terra-theme-context/package.json?dev-site-package';

import ThemeContextProviderExample from '../example/ThemeContextProviderExample?dev-site-example';
import ThemedComponent from '../example/ThemedComponent?dev-site-example';

<Badge />

# Terra Theme Context
A react context to provide the current theme. This package is intended to be used by terra components only, Any terra consumers or custom terra components should consume the context from the terra-application package.

This context can be used to apply any theme related changes to a component.

> The most common use would be to apply a theme class to the root tag of the component to apply theme variables. See below for an example.

Reviewer: There's two different things I think may trip people up that might be worth a few notes.

1. That a default theme is no theme within the context. `<ThemeContext.Provider value={{ theme: '' }}>`
2. The differences between the newly added `ThemeContext/Provider` in this PR and the existing [ThemeProvider](https://engineering.cerner.com/terra-ui/components/terra-theme-provider/theme-provider/theme-provider) and when to use which one.

Author: I was imagining theme would be set to undefined when default. Do you have any suggestions or concerns about that? It feels a little weird to be honest. I could default it to 'default'...

I'll update the documentation here, but really I DO NOT want to add this package to terra-ui and would rather update terra-application docs to provide how people should consume the theme-context.

Reviewer: It does feel weird. Setting it to `default` will add an unbound class to each of the terra components assuming we pipe the theme directly into `cx()`. Unless we validate it first, add a default class, or abstract the default theme out into a theme rather than a fallback. Undefined and empty string are also weird.

Author: Since both options feel weird, for now i'm sticking with default theme = undefined for the benefit of being able to directly pass it to cx and not apply any classes.

Author: Doc updated: https://github.com/cerner/terra-framework/pull/1087/commits/8398f7e62234b6c44502add564933a56987e3a40

import { Badge } from 'terra-theme-context/package.json?dev-site-package';

import ThemeContextProviderExample from '../example/ThemeContextProviderExample?dev-site-example';
import ThemedComponent from '../example/ThemedComponent?dev-site-example';

<Badge />

# Terra Theme Context

> A react context to provide the current theme. This package is intended to be used by terra components only, Any terra consumers or custom terra components should consume the context from the terra-application package.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A React context to provide the current theme. This package is intended to be used by Terra components only. Any terra consumers or custom Terra components should consume the context from the `terra-application` package.
```

Reviewer 2: > Any terra consumers or custom Terra components should consume the context from the `terra-application` package.

You said we didn't want to add this directly to terra-application due to cyclical dependencies. Doesn't this recommendation create that cyclical dependency?

Author: No, Consumers of terra use the dependency from terra-application. Our terra-components use the context directly.

This context can be used to apply any theme related changes to a component.

The most common use would be to apply a theme class to the root tag of the component to apply theme variables. See below for an example.

## Getting Started

- Install with [npmjs](https://www.npmjs.com):
  - `npm install terra-theme-context`

## Usage

```jsx
import ThemeContext from 'terra-theme-context';
```

## Component Features

 * [Cross-Browser Support](https://engineering.cerner.com/terra-ui/contributing/terra-ui/component-standards#cross-browser-support)
 * [Responsive Support](https://engineering.cerner.com/terra-ui/contributing/terra-ui/component-standards#responsive-support)
 * [Mobile Support](https://engineering.cerner.com/terra-ui/contributing/terra-ui/component-standards#mobile-support)
 * [Internationalization Support](https://engineering.cerner.com/terra-ui/contributing/terra-ui/component-standards#internationalization-i18n-support)
 * [Localization Support](https://engineering.cerner.com/terra-ui/contributing/terra-ui/component-standards#internationalization-i18n-support)

>  * [LTR/RTL Support](https://engineering.cerner.com/terra-ui/contributing/terra-ui/component-standards#ltr--rtl-support)

Reviewer 2: I"m not sure any of these features apply since this component only adds a context

Author: Fair

[View Component Source Code](https://github.com/cerner/terra-framework/tree/master/packages/terra-theme-context)

## Examples

> <ThemedComponent title='A component using the theme context' />

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<ThemedComponent title="A component using the theme context" />
```
